Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/global_attributes/index.md

- [`inert`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inert)
  - : A boolean value that makes the browser disregard user input events for the element. Useful when click events are present.
- [`inputmode`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode)

>   - : Provides a hint to browsers as to the type of virtual keyboard configuration to use when editing this element or its contents. Used primarily on {{HTMLElement("input")}} elements, but is usable on any element while in [`contenteditable`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#contenteditable) mode.

Reviewer: Same page
```suggestion
  - : Provides a hint to browsers about the type of virtual keyboard configuration to use when editing this element or its contents. Used primarily on {{HTMLElement("input")}} elements, but is usable on any element while in [`contenteditable`](#contenteditable) mode.
```

    - `no`, which indicates that the element will not be translated.
- [`virtualkeyboardpolicy`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/virtualkeyboardpolicy)

>   - : An [enumerated](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Enumerated) attribute used to control the on-screen virtual keyboard behavior on devices such as tablets, mobile phones, or other devices where a hardware keyboard may not be available, for elements that also uses the [`contenteditable`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#contenteditable) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An [enumerated](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Enumerated) attribute used to control the on-screen virtual keyboard behavior on devices such as tablets, mobile phones, or other devices where a hardware keyboard may not be available for elements that also uses the [`contenteditable`](#contenteditable) attribute.
```
